Doc: Remove warnings of textlint (#804)
algolia/docsearch: docs/src/run-your-own.md

You can run a crawl from the packaged Docker image to crawl your website. You
will need to [install jq, a lightweight command-line JSON processor][4]

Then you need to start the crawl according to your configuration. You should
check the [dedicated configuration documentation][5].

```sh
docker run -it --env-file=.env -e "CONFIG=$(cat /path/to/your/config.json | jq -r tostring)" algolia/docsearch-scraper
```

> Once the crawl finished, you can [jump to the Integration step][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the scraping finishes, you can [jump to the Integration step][6].
```
